Translation corrections (#416)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/ura_003.txt

//rそこは、実は暁が悩んで、悩んで、悩み抜いて、…一番こだわったところだった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そこは、実は暁が悩んで、悩んで、悩み抜いて、…一番こだわったところだった。",

> 			NULL, "In actuality, that sunset was that part Akira had fretted the most over when drawing that painting.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "In truth, that sunset was the part Akira fretted the most over while drawing that painting.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#fda762>千紗登</color>", NULL, "<color=#fda762>Chisato</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s14/37/vt4bb_chisa1167", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「……そんなの」",
			NULL, "\"...Isn't that...\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r当たり前じゃない。友達なんだから。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "当たり前じゃない。友達なんだから。",

> 			NULL, "Obivious? You're our friend.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Obvious? You're our friend.", Line_Normal);
```

//r別に不思議でも、特別でもない。今まで自分にとって当たり前だったものが何もなくて、見ず知らずの場所に一人で放り出されれば、誰だってそうなるだろう。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "別に不思議でも、特別でもない。今まで自分にとって当たり前だったものが何もなくて、見ず知らずの場所に一人で放り出されれば、誰だってそうなるだろう。",

> 			NULL, "It was nothing strange or special. Anyone would feel that way after being thrown into a strange new place on their own with nothing familiar around.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "It was nothing strange or special. Anyone would feel that way after being thrown into a strange new place on their own.", Line_Normal);
```
